Docs re🧛🏻‍♂️ (#75)
avohq/docs: pages/implementation/start-implementing-tracking-changes.mdx

---
layout: 'guide'
title: 'Getting started to implement tracking plan changes in code with Avo'
---

import Link from '../../components/Link';

> Data design on the branch has been finished and it's time to implement new tracking in code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data design on an Avo branch has been finished and it's time to implement new tracking in code.
```

## Familiarize yourself with the changes

First of all we recommend to open your Avo workspace and navigate to the branch you are about to implement, switch to the changes view and familiarize yourself with the changes happening.

<img
  src={require('../../images/implement/branch-changes-view-button-1.png')}
  alt="Connections configuration"
/>
<center>
  <i>Press `View changes` button</i>
</center>
<br />

It's really valuable to understand what exactly needs to be tracked and clear all
unknowns.

We suggest using comments in the changes view to ask for any clarification before starting to implement.

<img
  src={require('../../images/implement/comment.png')}
  alt="Connections configuration"
/>
<center>
  <i>Figure out all the details before starting to imlement</i>
</center>

> <br />

Reviewer: Love these!

```

or globally on your system, using [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm) or [Yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install):

```bash
npm install -g avo
```

```bash
yarn global add -E avo
```

### Link your project to Avo

Authenticate the **Avo CLI** with your Avo user:

```bash
avo login
```

Now you can pull the Avo Functions from your Avo workspace.

```bash
avo pull --branch your_branch_name
```

> When you run Avo pull for the first time it will also initialize Avo in your project by adding an `avo.json` file, containing a pointer to your Avo workspace, source and current branch. This file should be checked into git along with the Avo Functions file.

## Implement new events

Now your Avo file will have the changes from the `your_branch_name` branch. Call all the new Avo Functions in required places, update the new event properties.

It might be useful to check the changes tab in your Avo workspace for overview while implementing.

> If you are implementing the branch in multiple codebases we recommend you to read the <Link passHref href="/data-design/multiple-sources-on-avo-branches"><a>Multiple sources on Avo branches</a></Link> guide.

## The most important part

> Once you are finished with implementing the code and your source control branch was merged remember to also **merge the Avo branch**!

Reviewer: Maybe link to the Avo and git guide as well?
